Serenna Beers: Hello.
Serenna Beers: Are you able to hear me.
Serenna Beers: Yes. Okay.
Serenna Beers: Yes, I can. Okay.
Serenna Beers: So how are you today on this Monday.
Dottie Newton: Okay, how are you
Serenna Beers: Good. Where are you from,
Dottie Newton: Um, we move to Republic Washington from Denver.
Serenna Beers: Oh, goodness.
Dottie Newton: Our roots from the east coast.
Dottie Newton: Okay.
Serenna Beers: How long have you been in Washington for
Dottie Newton: Oh, we just got here on July.
Oh, goodness.
Serenna Beers: Um,
Serenna Beers: So I'm going to do a bio psychosocial with you. I'm not sure how long that you've been been with us for. Are you on the medication assistance or is this for mental health or substance abuse.
Dottie Newton: Justice for I'm at pain management.
Serenna Beers: Okay, so are you currently on the Suboxone then
Dottie Newton: I am
Dottie Newton: Okay, yeah, that's, yeah. I've got my next appointment with Dr fig. I need to talk to him, I, I'm not liking. Not at all. It's not working for me.
Dottie Newton: No, no.
Serenna Beers: Is it side effects is, does it not, is it not working because it's not strong enough, or it's
Dottie Newton: Not I'm the pain is ridiculous. It's not help me at all. It has helped me with getting off of the
Dottie Newton: oxy code down
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Dottie Newton: You know, I don't have any
Dottie Newton: Side effects or, you know, coming down off of this, the oxy but as far as
Dottie Newton: You know, pain management as it's doing nothing.
Serenna Beers: Can I ask you what milligram that you're on.
Dottie Newton: Ooh, yeah.
Dottie Newton: You can ask me, I have to get up together.
Serenna Beers: All right, I could probably just just just looking. Your turn. I just wondered, you know, obviously I'm not a doctor, so I can't talk to you about any type of anything with meds. I just wondered if you were on a lighthouse or something and
Dottie Newton: That's it right here.
Dottie Newton: Is this right
Serenna Beers: 888 tabs.
Dottie Newton: Eight dash two. What is that
Serenna Beers: Well, I know that so Suboxone comes in in various tabs or, or, I don't know if your tabs or a film.
Dottie Newton: And it's a tablet, I, I see what it is now. It's an I can't pronounce this at all.
Dottie Newton: Superman. Superman.
Dottie Newton: And now Lux now likes
Serenna Beers: Hmm, I
Dottie Newton: The EU PR E on
buprenorphine.
Dottie Newton: Slash na li x
Serenna Beers: Okay, it's buprenorphine which is just another term for the Suboxone
Serenna Beers: I just wondered, you know, if I am glad that you're going to be able to see Doc, Doc. Dr fig because I am sure that he will work with with you.
Serenna Beers: Around what whatever that next course of action is because it takes time, especially, you know,
Serenna Beers: When you're dealing with pain management. I mean, it's kind of like you're gonna play with it until you find something that does take that away, you know, until something does work well with your system. So I'm I am really glad to hear that you're going to be able to meet with him. I'm
Serenna Beers: Right, I am meeting with you. Have you ever done a bio cycles social before
Dottie Newton: I don't know what that
Serenna Beers: Okay, so then maybe not so I just ask you a bunch of
Serenna Beers: Questions that you've probably answered in some way, shape, or form, but I'm going to try to make it as painless as I can. And basically this just gives me an idea. I apologize, but these these headsets really make my ear rich
Dottie Newton: That's all.
Serenna Beers: They are very firm on your ears because for HIPAA. So they're noise cancelling so nobody around me. Even if you talk really loud can hear outside my little headset, but they're very snug.
Serenna Beers: Anyway, and so I'm going to ask you, just some questions just about your background, what brings you to bright heart health, which is actually what we'll start, start with, even though I know
Serenna Beers: It's your chronic pain. I want to know specifically the story. So what precipitating event has happened that led you to need chronic pain management.
Serenna Beers: And then I'll ask you a series of other ones after that.
Dottie Newton: Okay, I'm
Dottie Newton: Going back to 1919 2014
Dottie Newton: I had
Dottie Newton: Four.
Dottie Newton: knee surgeries and one shoulder surgery and I started oxy code on them.
Dottie Newton: And my doctor in Denver was prescribing. Well, not the surgeon, but my family doctor was prescribing Alex ICO down for me and moved here to Denver in July I hooked up with
Dottie Newton: Jane Jacobson as my primary care physician and she was, she was prescribing oxycodone
Dottie Newton: I'm not sure.
Dottie Newton: What made her
Dottie Newton: Tell me, she wasn't going to prescribe oxy for me anymore, and she wanted me to see pain management clinic.
Dottie Newton: Mm hmm. Um, I do have
Dottie Newton: An excuse me history of alcoholism.
Dottie Newton: So I know
Dottie Newton: And that bothered her
Dottie Newton: Sure. I'm sorry. This Suboxone dries me
Serenna Beers: I'm gosh
Serenna Beers: I can only imagine. So you you feel free to do whatever you need to to
Serenna Beers: Be comfortable. Okay.
Dottie Newton: Thanks.
For saying
Serenna Beers: That
Dottie Newton: Yeah, so she she wanted me to go to the pain clinic.
Dottie Newton: Mm hmm. The only other pain clinic. She knew of was and
Dottie Newton: Where was it
Dottie Newton: Was about two and a half hours from here.
Serenna Beers: Mm hmm. I
Dottie Newton: cannot think of the name of the city.
Dottie Newton: But we we couldn't drive two hours.
Dottie Newton: Mm hmm. So she
Dottie Newton: Eventually told me, Oh, well, this, this place is online and you don't have to drive anywhere.
Dottie Newton: Say, great.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, right.
Dottie Newton: Yeah.
Serenna Beers: I can do everything in the comfort of your own home because it genuinely is is difficult for some folks to leave and especially now more than ever with everything that's kind of transpiring in our just in our world.
Serenna Beers: Right, it's
Serenna Beers: You know, I can't even imagine if you didn't have this place.
Dottie Newton: Yeah, this is great. So
Dottie Newton: Yeah, that's, that's what brought me to
Serenna Beers: Okay, and then. Had you had any prior or have you ever had any other prior history of whether its individual their their their therapy or outpatient. Had you ever saw help prior prior to this.
Dottie Newton: Regarding mud.
Serenna Beers: Re regarding pain management. Had you ever sought help when you said that you struggled with your alcoholism.
Dottie Newton: No.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: What about, do you have any sort of history with suicidal ideation. Have you ever wanted to harm yourself or anyone else. And these, I apologize if they feel intrusive, but their questions. I need to ask
Dottie Newton: Yeah, that's fine. Okay. Um, yes to myself no to other. Yeah.
Serenna Beers: So just the thought, but never ever any plan to carry it out just kind of like
Serenna Beers: A thought I remember thoughts. I used to have was, you know, I just I just hope I just want to go to sleep and never wake up again because I hurt so bad, those type of thoughts.
Dottie Newton: Right, right.
Serenna Beers: Um, tell me about growing up. What was like fam. What was your family life, like do you go come from a broken home. We're both your mom and dad to gather where you dot dot dot dot did. Do you have brothers and sisters
Dottie Newton: Um, I have two older brothers and a younger sister, um,
Dottie Newton: Whoa.
Dottie Newton: Excuse me.
Serenna Beers: That's okay.
Serenna Beers: There's some pain come up when I when I asked you that
Dottie Newton: Oh, yeah.
Okay.
Dottie Newton: Yeah.
Dottie Newton: My brother and I never
Dottie Newton: Ever
Dottie Newton: And
Dottie Newton: She will be 90 years old this year.
Dottie Newton: And she's in an assisted living facility now.
Dottie Newton: I'm
Dottie Newton: And I don't care.
Dottie Newton: Yeah.
Dottie Newton: We just don't. There was not anything
Dottie Newton: You know, there was never any
Dottie Newton: What am I trying to say.
Dottie Newton: Is it nobody heard each other in the house, you know, man.
Dottie Newton: Nobody smacked anybody around anything like that.
Serenna Beers: Sometimes emotional abuses, the hardest over physical abuse.
Serenna Beers: So in your
Serenna Beers: For one, I wouldn't judge, anything that you were to share with with me. We all come with our stories and our pain from our past. And so I just want to preface it with but that I'm I'm definitely not here to
Serenna Beers: Judge your mom or to judge you. I mean, shoot. If you knew the skeletons in my backyard. You would you might not think I was a good therapist, but then they say some of the
Serenna Beers: Best therapists need therapy. Right. I mean, because we comes with experience.
Serenna Beers: But what I'm saying is, is I don't want you to invalidate
Serenna Beers: what transpired in your home as a child, just because it wasn't
Serenna Beers: That bad, you know, because we can go there and that's our way of you naturally will protect her even though the you guys are estranged you will naturally protect her because that's
Serenna Beers: She was your caretaker. I mean, that's just it's embedded in you, whether you like it or not, but in in order for you to heal from this
Serenna Beers: It's going to take you not minimizing it. You know what I mean. So, as you say, well, she never hit me or anything like like that. Hopefully over some time when you get to know me. Maybe you'll be able to share about the ways that it does impact you. And the reason I say that is because
Serenna Beers: Here you are. And you're shocked. I just asked you, What was your family life like and you couldn't hardly form a sentence. So, now tell me that doesn't impact you.
Serenna Beers: Know what I mean.
Dottie Newton: And I know I know it does.
Dottie Newton: I know facts me
Dottie Newton: And I, I wish I could do it all over again.
Serenna Beers: Well,
Serenna Beers: Hopefully you'll let me work with you to change the just to tweak the way you think a little bit because obviously
Serenna Beers: We
Serenna Beers: Can never go backwards. But what about changing from here on out. I don't know about you, but once I hit 50 all of a sudden life became more precious to me.
Serenna Beers: I know I'm closer to death than I am life and with that thought. It's like guy have one chance to to be my best version of me. Whatever that
Serenna Beers: Looks like if that mean I have to cry and stop my feet like a little kid to get out all my pain from when I was a kid. If I have to release my inner
Serenna Beers: Child and let her throw a fit just so I could step into my adult self and be a better woman to my kids to my dad to my sisters. I don't have a man, but like, you know, like I we have to be able to heal and it's never too late for that is what my point is, is so
Dottie Newton: I won't hear it's I'm done. Hmm.
Serenna Beers: Maybe you may never forget.
Serenna Beers: But do you know the difference between forgive and forget
Serenna Beers: It's not a trick question. I swear.
Serenna Beers: When you forgive
Serenna Beers: It's never about them. It's never about them and so many people think that you have to in order to forget, you have to forgive. But the reality is, is we never forget our memories, our memories.
Serenna Beers: But in order to forgive is how you heal because when you forgive. You're taking yourself down off the hook, you're, you're, you're
Serenna Beers: pulling yourself up off from off the cross, because you're the one who's sitting up there and pain. You're the one who's suffering. When you forgive you don't do it for them. You do it for you. And in forgiving.
Serenna Beers: It becomes less painful the hurt is still there, but the forgiveness is the release and it's the sir render. And I say that because
Serenna Beers: Yeah.
Serenna Beers: I let the anger towards my dad almost take take me out.
Serenna Beers: I was so angry with him because I couldn't understand him, you know, how could you not show me love. How could you be so emotionally abusive how go. How could you not be there for me.
Serenna Beers: How come you worked and never ever came home and when you were home I felt like I was a burden that that was the message that I got, I had a soul wound of you didn't love me enough
Serenna Beers: So then, of course, I carry that into my
Serenna Beers: Relationships into my marriages I screw those up I screw up stuff with my kid, you know how it goes. So for you to say that you won't heal or there's no getting past this.
Serenna Beers: Actually there is
Serenna Beers: Moving on. But again, I'm not saying that you're going to forget it, all I'm saying.
Serenna Beers: There you can actually heal from emotional trauma, at least so that it's not affecting you in the way that that it does. Obviously at this point and and I'm not saying that you cry every day. But wouldn't it be great to get to a place when you talk about stuff that
Serenna Beers: It doesn't leave a frog inside your throat and you feel more at peace with it.
Dottie Newton: Yeah.
Dottie Newton: Yeah, that'd be great.
Dottie Newton: But yeah, I
Dottie Newton: Yeah.
Serenna Beers: I mean that's way farther down the road. I'm not sure how long that you are with us, but I do know that we usually like for folks to meet with their therapist at least twice twice a month.
Serenna Beers: And so if you're, you know, open to that.
Serenna Beers: If nothing else, you know, I think, I think for you.
Serenna Beers: There's a lot of that childhood pain that that's there and I haven't even heard, even in a piece of it yet.
Dottie Newton: I decided that
Serenna Beers: You can't even talk about it.
Dottie Newton: Oh, I can talk about it.
Serenna Beers: Well, and you know that it affects your chronic pain to
Dottie Newton: Then I could believe my Yeah, she is.
Dottie Newton: Yeah.
Dottie Newton: Never ever could. I DO ANYTHING RIGHT FOR THAT WOMAN.
Dottie Newton: Maybe I could believe
Serenna Beers: emotional trauma exacerbates physical pain.
Dottie Newton: Need drugs.
Serenna Beers: Or, well how about a combination of medication assistance and maybe try and try and work through some of this stuff. And I'm not saying to to do it in this setting, but I'm just saying.
Serenna Beers: For you, for me to ask you the question that I that I did.
Serenna Beers: dotty and you have such a and for you to become activated as quickly as you did.
Serenna Beers: Honestly told me personally, all I need to know about the best way that I hope, hopefully can work with you and work through some of this stuff because
Serenna Beers: Again, this is your time in your life where it's supposed to be about you and you're supposed to be happy, right, at least be maybe not happy joyous
Serenna Beers: And free, but at least be free, you know, and you don't need the guilt.
Serenna Beers: Eventually because eventually you you won't have her here, and I know you say that you don't care. And maybe you don't care, but somebody who feels that kind of pain is because she has compassion.
Dottie Newton: Who, me or hurt.
Serenna Beers: You
Serenna Beers: You. So whether you want to say, I don't care. Obviously, you obviously do care. And so this really is about you being able to heal so that you don't carry around guilt of any more coulda woulda coulda woulda coulda woulda should as anymore already have
You know, yeah.
Dottie Newton: Yeah.
Serenna Beers: So we don't have to dive into it because it's, it sounds like it's pretty
Serenna Beers: Comes with a lot of pain. So we can work through this as time goes on, but just in a nutshell share with me this.
Serenna Beers: Were you raised growing up with mom and dad or just mom or
Serenna Beers: Mom and stepdad okay
Dottie Newton: Yeah.
Serenna Beers: And you have brothers and sisters
Dottie Newton: two older brothers. I'm younger sister.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Serenna Beers: Did anybody in in your in your household ever struggle with mental health or
Serenna Beers: Substance abuse or gambling or any other type of addictive type of be yours or anything like that. Okay.
Dottie Newton: Yeah, everything was good.
Dottie Newton: Yeah, my dad. My dad died when I was 23
Okay.
Serenna Beers: Have you ever
Serenna Beers: Process that
Dottie Newton: No.
Dottie Newton: Okay, I'm 61 years old and I cannot deal with that.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Dottie Newton: And I, and I'm telling you this. I've never told anybody else, but I think
Dottie Newton: Why was it that my mother.
Dottie Newton: And
Dottie Newton: Why is my dad's daughter.
Dottie Newton: And I know you have to go up. I'm
Serenna Beers: Fine.
Serenna Beers: That's a very real thought
Serenna Beers: But as it
Serenna Beers: Certainly, I mean, I'm not surprised or shocked.
Serenna Beers: And I say that because
Serenna Beers: Pain like that is
Serenna Beers: I understand pain like that. I didn't lose a parent at 23 I lost my mom at age eight and I didn't even process that until I was 36 years old.
Serenna Beers: Oh no, that's okay, but it it impacted my life, hence why I got into this field. I was right where you're at, sitting, not on the couch, but on a boat on a chair across from
Serenna Beers: A therapist and she said, If you don't deal with your grief around the loss of your mother, you will never move for for for for forward in your life. And I was 36 years old at the time.
And I thought,
Serenna Beers: I'm never going to heal from this, I really believe that just like you. I really believed I was not going to heal from it and she proved me wrong.
Serenna Beers: And I used to think the same way about my dad. He was the emotionally abusive one. My mom was a loving the nurturing one she made she made me feel like everything was going to be okay all the time. My dad even to this day. And he's still alive. He's Henri as hell mean I love them but
Serenna Beers: I thought, gosh.
Serenna Beers: What if, and I've, I've had those thoughts. So I just want to
Serenna Beers: Nor not normalize it for you so you don't beat yourself up. Okay.
Serenna Beers: That's a very normal way. That's one way of, you know, expressing the way that you feel. And so after all this time, though, see what's
Serenna Beers: What's going to happen is, eventually, it kind of starts to bubble up. So for you, it's probably I would imagine. Imagine it increases your chronic pain probably has an impact on some depression, maybe a little bit. Yeah, okay.
Dottie Newton: Oh, yeah.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Dottie Newton: I said, I've been
Dottie Newton: Taking depression medication for almost ever, it seems
Serenna Beers: Sarah anything that genuinely makes you smile. I mean, like where you do it.
Serenna Beers: And mile
Dottie Newton: Or dog.
Serenna Beers: Oh my gosh. Are you kidding me.
Serenna Beers: Dogs are like there are there are there are people right
What
Serenna Beers: Is your dog more of an emotional pet like the girl or boy.
Dottie Newton: It's a boy.
Dottie Newton: What
Serenna Beers: Type of dog.
Dottie Newton: Well, gotten from the shelter, because I'm just all about taking them from shelters and not
By
Serenna Beers: What type of dog is it
Dottie Newton: I don't know. I think as I've as part Chihuahua and part something else sure what it is.
Serenna Beers: What is your pups name.
Dottie Newton: We
Dottie Newton: Well, we got name.
Dottie Newton: He was already named
Dottie Newton: Sean sh. A W and re are he
Dottie Newton: Shall we thought
Dottie Newton: We thought that it's that it sounded to us like a French name.
Dottie Newton: He went unanswered anything else. So that's cool.
Serenna Beers: Okay, so your dog make makes you smile. Is there anything that you like to do, whether it's reading or taking a walk.
Dottie Newton: No, no.
Dottie Newton: No, I just bought some
Dottie Newton: pencils and paper. I thought I might want to get back into draw like that I did in high school, but
Dottie Newton: No.
Serenna Beers: Have you ever just sat and drew just how you felt
Dottie Newton: You know,
Serenna Beers: That's very interesting to to do because when you are art affects a different part of the brain. And I, gosh, I have it on my fridge. I have left brain and right brain on my friends and I want to say.
Serenna Beers: right brain is the crafty one gosh it's it's on my fridge and red and blue. And it tells you all the the different things, but
Serenna Beers: When you draw it accesses a different part of your brain to process emotions versus when you talk talk therapy and art. They're an art therapy do different types of things. So
Serenna Beers: While you and I talk right right now. This would be what you call traditional talk therapy. Then when you draw. It's very, it's very good for those people who have suppressed emotions. Hence,
Serenna Beers: What you have done for years. You just kind of keep stuffing it down and it's coming out because our body keeps the score and I say this every person I work with
Serenna Beers: The amount of trauma, you hold you hold inside of your body, it has to come out. It can't stay in there. It's not physically POP POP possible eventually it's too much. So you get
Serenna Beers: These pain, you get headaches, you get depression, you get stomach eggs you get
Serenna Beers: Sinus stuff you get. I mean, there's all kinds of things that where your body starts to expel so another form. If you can't process it by talking about it, you sit and in your mind as you draw your prop you're processing your emotions which helps to restore
Serenna Beers: The emotion reg motion regulation which oftentimes I mean that's that's what goes right so once you start to stuff and stuff. And stuff you can no longer
Serenna Beers: One probably feel emotions, except for add an extreme so like it's
Serenna Beers: You'll go along and you won't cry or you won't get upset for like a week and all. And all of a sudden someone asks you a question, and you're like the Niagara Falls, like all everything just bought bothers you. Right. Everything is an over abundance
Serenna Beers: And that's because your body needs to get it out.
Serenna Beers: So my suggestion to you until we meet again, even if you
Serenna Beers: I want you to commit to one, just one drawing that you might be willing to share with with me for next time and you're simply going to just sit down with your sketch pad or whatever.
Serenna Beers: And you're not going to overthink it. And you're literally just going to
Serenna Beers: Kind of just center yourself. Look at your pad, whether it's with the pencil pin those cute little gel pens crayons, whatever you use and literally just
Serenna Beers: Don't think just do and let your brain do all the work. And as you draw
Serenna Beers: Just think about it. If you're drawing read and you find that you you draw light all and all of a sudden you start to draw really, really hard. That's
Serenna Beers: You're probably bringing out the anger. Right. Or maybe you feeling sentimental or maybe there's some hurt. So maybe you draw
Serenna Beers: An eye with tears in it. I mean, there's all kinds of things. If you just let your brain go that you might be able to process. But what I want you to do.
Serenna Beers: Is I don't want you to try to figure it out until you and I meet again, I want you just just just to draw just a draw. And then I want to process it with you when we meet again just
Dottie Newton: Just see
Serenna Beers: What comes out when you don't talk when you just draw
Dottie Newton: And I, that's something I haven't done since I was 15 or 16
Dottie Newton: And that's something I don't know if I can do that. I'll see what I could do, because
Dottie Newton: I tend to think every everything be on logic, it just
Dottie Newton: It has to make sense to make
Serenna Beers: I don't expect you to do anything but your best. Okay.
Serenna Beers: And if you sit down and all you get is this on a
Dottie Newton: Line.
Serenna Beers: By line and you're like, I just can't. We're gonna, we're gonna we're gonna work through that and then maybe the next time you might get a little bit farther
Dottie Newton: Yeah guy.
Serenna Beers: We, we don't have to go fast. There's no expiration date.
Serenna Beers: But I do think for you.
Serenna Beers: As emotionally charged as you are that
Serenna Beers: Dirty, you have to start like doing something
Dottie Newton: Because I know
Serenna Beers: Your pain is only going to get worse.
Dottie Newton: I know, I know.
Serenna Beers: You're how old if you don't mind me asking because I
Serenna Beers: Know it all off the top, top of my head.
Dottie Newton: 61
Serenna Beers: See, you still have
Serenna Beers: Your 61 years young
Dottie Newton: Yeah.
Dottie Newton: I've got five years left
Serenna Beers: Well,
Serenna Beers: Let's see, because you know stress is the number one. Well, it's, it's in the top five. I don't know the research. So I'm not going to quote that but I do know that stress is in the top five.
Serenna Beers: Yeah Can and someone's life.
Serenna Beers: And the way to work through stress is in order to heal you got to feel in order to heal you have to feel. Say that with me in order to heal. I have to feel
Dottie Newton: You have to feel
Serenna Beers: In order to heal. I have to feel so when you want to Choke, choke it back. Tell yourself that I still use that line. And I've been using that with others and all myself still for 15 years
Serenna Beers: Yeah okay um I and I got off track because we started to talk about some stuff that was happening with you.
Dottie Newton: Are
Dottie Newton: I probably got you off track.
Serenna Beers: And that's you're supposed to. That is your job.
Serenna Beers: So,
Serenna Beers: Did you make it all the way through school did you get get through the 12th grade. Did you go beyond
That
Dottie Newton: Yeah, 12th grade I took a couple of college classes but
Dottie Newton: I didn't, I didn't graduate from college.
Serenna Beers: Did you ever struggle struggle in school with learning disabilities at all.
Serenna Beers: No. Okay, and what about
Serenna Beers: Was there anything specific that stood out to you about school about that time in your life. Any, any either pleasurable events or uncomfortable events that ever took took took place.
Dottie Newton: According according to my mother. I wasn't good enough to get through college. So
Dottie Newton: Why, why would I try
Dottie Newton: Yeah, I, I gotta go. Or we must
Serenna Beers: Yes, we are. We were almost done. You live with your
Serenna Beers: Your spouse. Right.
Dottie Newton: Yes.
Serenna Beers: Okay. And do you have any, do you have any kids.
Dottie Newton: Not living with us. No.
Serenna Beers: Okay. But, but, like, but you have kids. So right
Dottie Newton: Yeah, my daughter will be 40 in November and
Dottie Newton: My son will be 39
Serenna Beers: Okay. Um, so I'm going to have the virtual clinic call you and and to schedule schedule. You with me for a follow up and I promise you with this next one.
Serenna Beers: It's not going to be as deep as this, and I also promise you Dottie that I'm not going to push on anything. I won't push any issues if you don't want to talk about it. I'm just going to be here to listen. Okay.
Dottie Newton: That's fine.
Dottie Newton: Yeah, okay.
Serenna Beers: And then, so I will have them give you a call to set up and it'll be in a couple of weeks. Does that work. Yeah.
Serenna Beers: Sure. Okay. It was very nice to meet you and
Serenna Beers: I hope you have a good rest of your night and I hope you do something for yourself love on love on your pop shop.
Dottie Newton: Shawnee agree.
Okay.
Dottie Newton: I will, thank you and
Dottie Newton: You take care
Serenna Beers: Okay, thank you.
Okay. Bye bye.